This is part two of using Kordo for presenting your analytics work. Kordo helps you publish
your technical work beautifully anywhere, including helping you build beautiful slides.
Now, there's nice support for PowerPoint and Beamer LaTeX slides, but let me quickly run
through a few slide options with Reveal.js. With just a bit of markup in your Jupyter
Notebook, CodeScript, or RMacadoc, you can make incremental lists, pretty code chunks,
including line highlighting, animate your presentations with code animations and animation
fragments, and add smooth slide transitions. And of course, you can execute your code and
show that output, whether that output is a static plot or something more interactive,
maybe even a map or some other widget. Kordo makes it easy to show LaTeX equations,
have custom layouts, image layout options, slide backgrounds. There's auto-animation options,
interactive tab sets inside your slides. You have many theme and customization options to
style your slides. There are admin navigation options, interactive chalkboard. There's a nice
speaker view and, of course, speaker.